update getting started docs with one-click install info (#260)
purduesigbots/pros-docs: v5/getting-started/macos.rst

   If you are an advanced user looking to install the PROS CLI through Python pip,
   check out the `Installing the CLI <#install-the-cli>`__ section below.

Homebrew method
---------------

1. If you do not already have Homebrew installed, install it by following the
   instructions on `their site <https://brew.sh>`_. This will take a while, and
   may prompt you to follow some additional instructions.
2. Once you have Homebrew installed, run :code:`brew tap osx-cross/arm && brew install arm-gcc-bin`
   to register a repository with Homebrew that contains the toolchain used to
   build PROS projects, and then install the toolchain.
3. Run :code:`brew tap purduesigbots/pros` to register the PROS Homebrew
   repository with Homebrew.
4. Run :code:`brew install --cask pros-editor` to install the PROS Editor
   (the CLI will also be installed). This may also take a while.
5. (Optional) If you are planning to use the Vision Sensor, you will likely need
   to also install the VEX Vision Utility to set up signatures. Run
   :code:`brew install vcs-vision` to do this. Once installed, you'll be able to
   run the program by looking for "vcs_vision" in Spotlight.

> 6. That's it! You can now start using PROS 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. That's it! You can now start using PROS for V5.
```

We should make this non version specific, for PROS 4 and whatever comes next.

Author: yeah good point, this wording is really old. tbh it doesnt even need to say "for v5" either

.. note:: If you do not want to use the PROS Editor, and instead intend to use only the PROS CLI, substitute the command in step 4 with the following: :code:`brew install pros-cli`.

Other Methods
-------------

> If you don't want to use Homebrew to install PROS 3, you can install all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use Homebrew to install PROS for V5,, you can install all the

```
